[Railgun] Corrected link to railgun page (#3813)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/railgun/user-guide/administration.md

# Administration

Multiple Railguns may be added to a Cloudflare account. Only one registered and activated Railgun may be used per domain.

Railgun can be load-balanced and multiple Railgun daemons can be used per activated public IP and token. There is no need to register each Railgun daemon.

## Adding a Railgun

1. Navigate to the [Railgun page](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/configurations/railgun).

> 2. In **Enter new Railgun name text box**, enter a descriptive title for your Railgun, and click click the `Create` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In **Enter new Railgun name text box**, enter a descriptive title for your Railgun, and click the `Create` button.
```

3. Within your Railgun configuration file, update `activation.public_ip` to the public IP or a hostname which resolves to the public IP of your Railgun’s server and set the `activation.token` to the activation key displayed on the page.
4. Start the Railgun daemon so that it can proceed with activation.

> 5. If everything went smoothly, the red icon will change to a green check-mark after refreshing the page and the Railgun can then be toggled on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If everything went smoothly, the red icon will change to a green checkmark after refreshing the page and the Railgun can then be toggled on.
```
